[Java] How dictionaries work - roundtrip Java-Python (#327)
apache/arrow-cookbook: java/source/c_data.rst

.. _c-data-java:

> ==================
> C Data Integration
> ==================
> 
> C Data interface is an important aspect of supporting multiple languages in Apache Arrow. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
================
C Data Interface
================

The Arrow C Data Interface enables zero-copy sharing of Arrow data between language runtimes. 
```

Can you link to the Arrow docs for C Data Interface?

> A Java programme can seamlessly work with C++ and Python programmes. The following examples

Reviewer: I believe we've stuck to American English (sorry)

```suggestion
A Java program can seamlessly work with C++ and Python programs. The following examples
```
